IfcCableSegment Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:34:03.8145844Z (#153)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/o/OverheadContactLineID_220UqUBtL7ZxB1Ewq1FjKo/Documentation.md

> To indicate the OCL where the equipment is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To indicate the overhead contact line where the equipment is applied.
```
